feat: otter sdk training - plugins (#2517)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: apps/showcase/src/assets/trainings/sdk/steps/plugins/instructions.md

Thanks to the `@ama-sdk/core` plugins, you can intercept the API requests and responses to transform their data or
perform actions such as authentication, logging, etc.

These plugins will be applied before sending all the API requests and after the reception of the responses.

### Pre-requisite
- The package `@ama-sdk/core` needs to be installed (which has already been done for you).

> ### Objective

Reviewer: I would put the `Objective` section before the prerequisites. It should be one of the first things you read when starting the step.

> In this tutorial, you will configure the `PetApi` to create a mock intercept request plugin, whose purpose is to intercept the request before it is sent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will configure the `PetApi` to create a plugin, whose purpose is to intercept the request before it is sent and serve a mocked response instead. 
```

This mock request plugin will return a mocked response that should appear in your UI.

### Exercise
Create your own plugin that implements the `RequestPlugin` interface to mock the request plugin.
The exercise already contains the beginning of the code to inspire you. Here are some hints to help you as well:
- First, create a mock response of type `Pet[]` from the SDK.

> - This object should be stringified and used to create a `Blob` (**hint**: check out the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob" target="_blank">Blob documentation</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This object should be stringified and used to create a <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob" target="_blank">Blob</a>
```
?
